you will disable limited everything
original 4.9 liter 301 v8
SuperDuper into
my favorite trunk I don't know if you
can really see how big this trunk is
this is a big-ass truck like this is a
big-ass truck you can fit probably about
three or four people - no yes
that's up dude that's how I you
know describe how big the trunk is but I
don't know what other description I
could get I'll let you know how big the
trunk really is but uh yeah everything a
reason a man a hundred and three
thousand miles on the motor show you how
with this motor look like
yeah
big stupid motor on it
air horns on that no big man wanna yell
start up
II
Buick baby and we up out of here